I've got just one week to make a
constructive impact on Bonaparte's but
by day two I'm clutching at straws to
find any positives to build on sue lacks
focus and has clearly lost control the
kitchen such a tip it's a health hazard
and worst of all the head chef and he's
made just aren't up to scratch I must be
missing something
[Music]
Tim sings a dish
scoffs Tom Waits it nearly every
successful Russian has a dish that is
renowned for I'm hoping that by cooking
his Tim will produce something truly
memorable something truly worthy of a
place on a fine dining menu special
signature dish which is scopes with
their default pattern black pudding
sauce hollandaise mmm
certainly looks okay what do you think
it's gotta be sick he's only gone and
given me a rancid scallop some Jam a
drink [ __ ] how can you eat that if you
knew they're off don't you say not in I
didn't know they were off that [ __ ]
Ming in you don't taste that I do now
yeah took a while to I know what it
means I feel sick me somehow it's it's
grim it's [ __ ] grim and it's out of
order
why didn't we have ice or [ __ ] off so
but I suppose it's my fault
Ellen I could kill some
that's the bottom line